README.md, before:


[![Runboat](https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png)](https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/l10n-france&target_branch=14.0)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/OCA/l10n-france.svg?branch=14.0)](https://travis-ci.com/OCA/l10n-france)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/OCA/l10n-france/branch/14.0/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/OCA/l10n-france)
[![Translation Status](https://translation.odoo-community.org/widgets/l10n-france-14-0/-/svg-badge.svg)](https://translation.odoo-community.org/engage/l10n-france-14-0/?utm_source=widget)

<!-- /!\ do not modify above this line -->

# l10n-france

TODO: add repo description.

<!-- /!\ do not modify below this line -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

[//]: # (addons)

Available addons
----------------
addon | version | maintainers | summary
--- | --- | --- | ---
[account_balance_ebp_csv_export](account_balance_ebp_csv_export/) | 14.0.1.0.3 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Account Balance EBP CSV export
[account_banking_fr_lcr](account_banking_fr_lcr/) | 14.0.1.0.2 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Create French LCR CFONB files
[account_statement_import_fr_cfonb](account_statement_import_fr_cfonb/) | 14.0.1.1.0 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Import CFONB bank statements files in Odoo
[l10n_fr_account_invoice_facturx](l10n_fr_account_invoice_facturx/) | 14.0.1.0.0 |  | France-specific module to generate Factur-X invoices
[l10n_fr_account_invoice_import_facturx](l10n_fr_account_invoice_import_facturx/) | 14.0.1.0.2 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | France-specific module to import Factur-X invoices
[l10n_fr_account_tax_unece](l10n_fr_account_tax_unece/) | 14.0.1.0.2 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Auto-configure UNECE params on French taxes
[l10n_fr_business_document_import](l10n_fr_business_document_import/) | 14.0.1.0.2 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Adapt the module base_business_document_import for France
[l10n_fr_chorus_account](l10n_fr_chorus_account/) | 14.0.1.0.0 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Generate Chorus-compliant e-invoices and transmit them via the Chorus API
[l10n_fr_chorus_facturx](l10n_fr_chorus_facturx/) | 14.0.1.0.0 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Generate Chorus-compliant Factur-X invoices
[l10n_fr_chorus_sale](l10n_fr_chorus_sale/) | 14.0.1.0.0 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Set public market on sale orders
[l10n_fr_cog](l10n_fr_cog/) | 14.0.1.0.0 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Add Code Officiel Géographique (COG) on countries
[l10n_fr_das2](l10n_fr_das2/) | 14.0.1.1.0 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | DAS2 (France)
[l10n_fr_department](l10n_fr_department/) | 14.0.1.0.1 | [![legalsylvain](https://github.com/legalsylvain.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/legalsylvain) | Populate Database with French Departments (Départements)
[l10n_fr_department_oversea](l10n_fr_department_oversea/) | 14.0.1.0.1 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Populate Database with overseas French Departments (Départements d'outre-mer)
[l10n_fr_fec_oca](l10n_fr_fec_oca/) | 14.0.1.0.2 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Fichier d'Échange Informatisé (FEC) for France
[l10n_fr_hr_check_ssnid](l10n_fr_hr_check_ssnid/) | 14.0.1.0.1 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Check validity of Social Security Numbers in French companies
[l10n_fr_hr_rup](l10n_fr_hr_rup/) | 14.0.1.0.2 |  | French fields and report for Registre Unique du Personnel
[l10n_fr_intrastat_product](l10n_fr_intrastat_product/) | 14.0.2.0.0 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | DEB (Déclaration d'Échange de Biens) for France
[l10n_fr_intrastat_service](l10n_fr_intrastat_service/) | 14.0.1.1.0 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | Module for Intrastat service reporting (DES) for France
[l10n_fr_mis_reports](l10n_fr_mis_reports/) | 14.0.1.0.2 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | MIS Report templates for the French P&L and Balance Sheets
[l10n_fr_pos_cert_allow_change_qty](l10n_fr_pos_cert_allow_change_qty/) | 14.0.1.0.1 |  | Remove restriction on change quantity
[l10n_fr_siret](l10n_fr_siret/) | 14.0.1.3.1 | [![alexis-via](https://github.com/alexis-via.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/alexis-via) | French company identity numbers SIRET/SIREN/NIC
[l10n_fr_siret_lookup](l10n_fr_siret_lookup/) | 14.0.1.1.0 | [![remi-filament](https://github.com/remi-filament.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/remi-filament) | Lookup partner via an API on the SIRENE directory
[l10n_fr_state](l10n_fr_state/) | 14.0.1.0.1 | [![legalsylvain](https://github.com/legalsylvain.png?size=30px)](https://github.com/legalsylvain) | Populate Database with French States (Régions)

[//]: # (end addons)

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## Licenses

This repository is licensed under [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE).

However, each module can have a totally different license, as long as they adhere to Odoo Community Association (OCA)
policy. Consult each module's `__manifest__.py` file, which contains a `license` key
that explains its license.

----
OCA, or the [Odoo Community Association](http://odoo-community.org/), is a nonprofit
organization whose mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features
and promote its widespread use.

Commit message:

[UPD] Update dotfiles from template and switch to Github Actions

README.md, after:


[![Runboat](https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png)](https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/l10n-france&target_branch=14.0)
[![Pre-commit Status](https://github.com/OCA/l10n-france/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yml/badge.svg?branch=14.0)](https://github.com/OCA/l10n-france/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yml?query=branch%3A14.0)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/OCA/l10n-france/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg?branch=14.0)](https://github.com/OCA/l10n-france/actions/workflows/test.yml?query=branch%3A14.0)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/OCA/l10n-france/branch/14.0/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/OCA/l10n-france)
[![Translation Status](https://translation.odoo-community.org/widgets/l10n-france-14-0/-/svg-badge.svg)](https://translation.odoo-community.org/engage/l10n-france-14-0/?utm_source=widget)

<!-- /!\ do not modify above this line -->

# l10n-france

French localization modules.

<!-- /!\ do not modify below this line -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

[//]: # (addons)

This part will be replaced when running the oca-gen-addons-table script from OCA/maintainer-tools.

[//]: # (end addons)

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## Licenses

This repository is licensed under [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE).

However, each module can have a totally different license, as long as they adhere to Odoo Community Association (OCA)
policy. Consult each module's `__manifest__.py` file, which contains a `license` key
that explains its license.

----
OCA, or the [Odoo Community Association](http://odoo-community.org/), is a nonprofit
organization whose mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features
and promote its widespread use.
